alright everyone thanks for counting
now let me get you to the chef coming
thanks Barry first one
how are you run now here you go sitting
tonight
here's your bag again now make sure you
hide that of the cost will you now by
midnight so you should have had a little
fair bit of that you'll be hooking it
and smile for fucker
you'll be hooking in either the cutter
now shit happens we'll understand it put
your shades on now you hook in you
copies every idea what's like up here oh
I think the dish load just shifted evil
copies a bear just shut it off for me
then I don't think these lights is
shifted and uh-oh
I'll just go over right now first thing
you do you get your gear you hide it for
fuck's sake now will do I will give you
another another bigger bag now this one
should won't happen now you make sure
you hide that shit in the trailer now
you see where you went wrong you're
hooking in your hooking in you've lifted
instead of holding the can flat oh oh oh
sure yeah that's the second time this
happened chainsaw you'll be falling
another job now here's some suggestions
for fuck's sake don't tip it over and
don't be late now Barry no thanks you
know they say I'm pretty quick yeah look
real and drag dishes settled it relax
the waffle Fox I just calm down right
now a tiny precautionary thing now I've
got this uniform to scare the fuck it is
have it's working now
see this is what the tribe you're going
to come up single-line a bit of ride
they fucking love trucks pull out in
front of you now for fuck's sake don't
get too close because these comes
because they're made they usually
fucking find us and they give me the
area under the back toys trying to get
anyway oh oh oh fuck Jesus
you're right all mine you go to think of
the kids ready to hide that's the drama
say ma'am was it you oh oh we're good a
fucking class play it every right you
used to draw a log trucks did you well
you and your fucking missus wait a
minute she's not too funny you and your
missus can get it wrong you can get back
to doing this sheet
right now any more fucking questions I
didn't think so if you're not careful
you'll end up looking like this fuck
with with these fucking hat on and that
ham that's my fucking vest on you laughs
- yeah thievin cunts anyway that's about
it for a run thanks everyone
already had a quart now this for the
toys on tested positive I did um Section
ten coming my way
thanks very much your own joy cells